
1. We like your application
We review your applications for suitability against the position’s criteria. If your skills and experience match what we’re looking for, we will contact you by phone or email.

2. Interviews commence
Shortlisted Candidates will be invited to an interview. This could be at an assessment centre, a behavioural telephone interview or one or more face-to-face interviews. You may be asked to bring along proof of identity, credentials and eligibility to work in Australia. Click here for our Interview Preparation Guide.

3. Additional testing
Depending on the role, you may be required to complete skills assessments such as IT evaluations, call centre simulations or psychometric assessments, which may include verbal, numerical and abstract reasoning, cognitive ability, role plays, sales preference and personality tests.

4. We speak to your referees
Professional employment reference checks will be conducted with two current referees that you have reported to in recent roles. You may also be asked to complete a background or criminal history check consent form, and upload identification documents.

5. You get the job
Congratulations! You’ve been offered the job. At this stage, we may conduct a criminal history check. This is to protect our business, our people and our customers. An offer of employment may be withdrawn if results are not to Medibank’s satisfaction.

6. The paperwork
An acceptance of a verbal offer, we will send you a contract or employment agreement letter, along with other commencement paperwork for you to complete. You’re then ready to start work with us.

7. A hearty Medibank welcome
Induction commences. During the first few weeks, there will be a lot to learn. The Medibank induction and training program will help you to build a strong relationship with your new manager, learn the role requirements, connect with the right people, understand your place in the team and within the business, and to acquire essential knowledge.

During the recruitment process, you can track your progress using the candidate applicant portal. We will keep you informed of next steps and if or when you are unsuccessful in your application.

Don’t worry if you didn’t get the job you applied for. We will keep your details in our database so you can be considered for other vacancies in the future, and you are welcome to apply for other roles you think you’re suited to.